All right, so you are watching and
listening to the electronic itifada. I
am John Elmer. This is the resistance
report on day 951
of Israel's genocide in Gaza and day 73
of Hezbollah's defense of South Lebanon.
I'm going to be covering week 10 of the
battle here and we'll get right into it
with the maps as usual um so people
understand where the areas are fighting.
If we start on the left uh in the
western coast, Nakura and up at the Ras
Alba
Baya um headlands, we'll see those on
film this week. Um that's where a lot of
operations have been taking place.
Bintage Bale still has operations.
Israel is demolishing Bintage Bale now
uh as they're doing with 55 villages all
along the just above the blue line that
you see there. Um and then uh a real
concentrations of a battle along the
western edge of the Galilee panhandle
which is on the right hand side there
that goes up uh juts up into Lebanon
Israeli territory that's topped up with
um Matula there. all from that coast
from Hoola north um all through those
valleys and up to the Latani riverbed
has been um the main three areas of uh
conflict. The Israelis still are
deploying six divisions or parts of six
divisions at least. I've said this many
times, but I don't believe we don't
believe it's uh not believable uh that
Israel is getting full uh reserve their
reserve compliment of soldiers are not
all deploying. the Israeli chief of
staff uh Al Zamir is still talking about
the collapse of the Israeli military
that it's unable to handle this
sustained these sustained operations
over these past uh 2 and a half plus
years of genocidal rampage. Um but
that's what they are doing in um Lebanon
as well. What we saw in Gaza, it's the
same same army, same people, same
decision makers. And so their decision
is they cannot defeat the resistance.
And so they attack the civilians, they
destroy civilian homes. Um they uh apply
what used to be called the Daha doctrine
but is now being called the Bhanoon uh
or Rafa doctrine where you completely
destroy um every single thing in the
town. And Bintage Bale right now is
being uh set up for that. If we look at
the next map, we'll I've shown you this
one before, too, but it's good to see
these were the five positions that
Israel set up inside Lebanon during the
last purported ceasefire, which again is
not a ceasefire in any way. Um, but
those are forward positions inside
Lebanon that Israel has been able to use
to advance. So even the um you know
hundreds of meters to a few kilometers
that Israel has crossed the border uh
into Lebanon is uh it's mitigated by the
fact that the these positions were
already inside Lebanon. So the
resistance has not allowed them to
advance deep into this territory below
the Latani River which Israel at the
beginning of this war promised that they
were going to take control of. They
pretty quickly after that adjusted and
said they were just going to make a
buffer zone, a security zone. Um, and
the security zone that's the same
language as the, you know, late 1980s
and 1990s period where South Lebanon was
a security zone and Hezbollah's
resistance drove the Israelis out of
South Lebanon. And when I say drove them
out, I mean literally. They left their
computers. The soldiers left their
computers, their uniforms hung up. they
turned on their heels and ran down the
hill. Uh that's how the occupation of
South Lebanon ended. Um and so there is
uh a point of reference for that for
people. And Hezbollah has leaned into
that during these past um number of
weeks, releasing psychological
operations videos that point um that
show the carnage from Hezbollah
operations in the 1990s and how they
created a climate within Israel that the
um the force could just not stay. Um the
occupation was impossible. They couldn't
defeat the resistance and they withdrew.
So there is um a point in history that
uh is being looked upon by both the
Israelis um and the Lebanese. Let's take
a look at the next one. Number two here.
Um this is Bintage Bale being erased uh
satellite image of it. This is by an
Israeli military adjacent uh open-
source mapper Benion Males. And you can
see this is just from uh these from
these past two months. And you can see
the destruction in that the before and
after. Um just looks like what we
started every resistance report in Gaza
with this kind of report of the
destruction. Um and in this week uh that
I'm covering everything you're going to
see is uh happened in the past week. Um
and as ever. So uh we will do that like
we always do. Let's take a look at the
next one because this is the Ministry of
Health. Uh these stats get released uh
early in the week. So for our production
schedule, they're already out of date by
the time they're published. Um by the
time we uh we're by the time you see us
on this show. So this is um this is as
of the 10th. Um they come out each week
at the beginning of the week. And what
we're looking at here is 11,539
casualties. uh almost 3,000 killed when
you take the last few days uh in. But of
course, also like Gaza, it's the same
army, same generals, um same
politicians. You see that the health
care sector is the prime target. 16
hospitals damaged or or destroyed, three
shut down entirely,
139 attacks on paramedics
um which have 139 paramedics killed, 212
wounded, 27 paramedic stations attacked
and destroyed, 130 ambulances destroyed,
and like I said, 16 hospitals. Um and
that is the way that they have been f
fighting this war. And when we're about
we're about to watch uh a more than a
dozen uh Hezbollah drone videos, it's
just worth noting what the Israelis used
their drones for. This week they used uh
a drone to attack a father and his
daughter, his young daughter. The first
strike destroyed the car and injured
both of them. They both ran from the
car. The second strike killed the father
uh and the drone chased the young girl
down and killed her as well. So um
you're going to see a very strong
juxtaposition between the resistance
targeting only uh Israeli military
targets uh and the Israelis targeting
almost exclusively civilian targets. Um
so that's three. Let's take a look at
number four. Um this is a good video.
This was from last Wednesday. Um it's
just a good video because it's a good
crisp digital uh video feed here. So, we
can see really really clearly uh a
number of things. The way that they have
torn up the roads to get rid of the
IEDs. There's a direct hit um right
there on the uh loaders hatch. So, we
see them targeting uh in specific places
on these tanks. But as I predicted last
week, um I thought we were going to
start to see more um softer targets,
more troop positions hit um than these
um these shots on these tanks when the
tanks are zipped up are really difficult
uh operations. Um, as I talked about
before, we can look at number five just
to show you the um you could actually
you could see on this one on the left
there um you could see the um trophy
active protection system had the
launcher had turned to face the drone
but obviously didn't wasn't able to um
engage it in time. And here maybe we can
loop this one back through tomorrow. Um
this is a drone that is seen flying
through an Israeli military position
near Matula uh on during this weekend
and you can see um I mean the ease with
which it flies through there but you
could also see the build and if we look
at the next slide you can see um what
that drone looked like and again we've
seen these builds a number of the builds
here we have batteries on the bottom um
we've seen them various other ways
batteries in the middle um if we look at
the next one you can see the BA build
here with the uh fiber optic spool on
the bottom, the the batteries in the
middle, and then the anti-tank warhead
on the top. Um the uh the PG7VL, which
is the best single round uh RPG, but as
we know from Gaza, single round RPGs
need to be very specifically hit on a
Nom troop carrier or a merk of a tank um
in order to destroy the tank. There's
lots of ways to hit it for mobility
kills that make it unable to drive. Um
but in terms of destroying the tanks,
which we saw last week on the show when
the soldiers left the hatch open, um
that was exploited. Um but we know from
Gaza that the single rounds um aren't uh
there they could be stopped most times
by um the armor on the mark of a tank.
And so we've seen the tanks be less
targeted. we're going to watch on this
program a number of times where the
tanks are bypassed to hit smaller uh
softer targets and to hit troops uh as
well. And that kind of battlefield
adaptation um is really taking its toll
on the Israelis. Um let's take a look at
number seven here. Um so that just
showed you those last two pictures shows
you what you're going to see crashing
into these things in these next videos.
So, I wanted to put those in there so
you could see it again through the
destroyed town. This is near Bintage
Bale. Uh, [snorts] again, uh, stalking
through the town. You're going to see it
identify here three troop carriers and
you're going to see the two of them with
their backs to the buildings because
they're backing right up into the
building and letting the soldiers walk
into the building from there. So he
passes on that NMR and he sees this one
with a rear door exposed and that is a
weak point. Hitting the rear door is an
effective spot to hit with a single
round RPG, particularly with these
high-end um Iranian rounds that are
being delivered here. So these are smart
targeting. You know, sometimes earlier
in the war, we saw them um crashing them
into the armor of the front armor of the
tanks. Um and very quickly they have
adapted. You can see that's a direct
hit. That's the last drone shot. It's
going through the door um on the back of
the tank which is not fully uh sealed.
Um let's look at number eight here.
Coming over the top to hit this uh
hilltop position in the western sector.
uh a new uh a newly uh positioned base
here that they're going to circle around
and come back uh and chase a soldier off
of his uh armored vehicle. And Hezbollah
writes on their field reports every day
uh at the end. They say the Islamic
resistance is committed to defending its
land and its people, especially as the
enemy, Israeli enemy crosses boundaries
with its criminality. Again, you're
going to see the drone drop right out of
the sky as soon as it sees the soldiers.
You're going to see the soldiers on that
tank see that it's coming and the tank
crewman there jumping off. Um we can
show the next one that just shows u the
direct um the dive down here onto the
tank and again skipping the tank and
going for uh the soldier itself.
uh a development in tactics that we have
seen uh this week and it's just
remarkable the improvements um on the
battlefield and the awareness of the
Hezbollah uh pilots. Let's look at the
next one. It's just got a um a still of
him uh jumping off of the tank this
week. I'm going to tell you the Israelis
this week admitted to one fatality
amongst their soldiers and 11 wounded in
FPV attacks. And we say it all the time
on this show, but those numbers do not
add up with what you're going to be
watching on this show. They don't even
add up to what we've seen uh in these
first few videos. But uh let's take a
look at number 11 cuz they're going to
chase some more soldiers here near um
again this is in uh Baya
uh on the coast. You can see the
Mediterranean in the distance there.
There's a tank in the bottom right
corner. He flies right by that tank. Uh,
and here he's going to hone in on the
headquarters of the 146th Division,
which is based in Baya. And it is, uh,
here you're going to see the troops.
They don't seem to hear the drone, which
is possible when you, anyone who's been
around a Merk of a tank knows that you
can't hear anything around it. It's
possible the tanks are running. Uh, but
the situational awareness of these
troops seems to be limited. Although um
they did talk uh in Harets today in the
newspaper about how the soldiers have
two things to do when the drones come
duck and prey. That was the uh the Haret
story with officers from the field. Um
so you can see those soldiers there. The
next slide I'll show you is where
they're targeting. And again, even if
that it does look like that drone is
about to clip the wall there, but that's
going to detonate the anti-tank round,
which is a piercing round. um firing on
those um those targets there. And also
um just this week uh Secretary General
of Hezbollah, Shik Naim Kasum uh he said
to the commander to our commanders, our
field officers and all fighters in all
areas of the battlefield. Your drone
attacks embrace the land and choke the
occupier. Your drones terrorize the
evildoers and tyrants of the earth. your
missile strikes shake their lives and
they live in anxiety and psychological
crisis. This has been the thing that
Hezbollah has been pushing on um with
their psychological operations
externally but also internally to their
own fighters to remind this remind you
of a period of victory. Um, you know,
like Nasalla used to say, "I promised
you victory before." Um, and that was
the 2000 victory. And then Nasalla would
say that over and over again. I promised
you victory um after each battle that
Hezbollah won in 2000 and then in 2006.
Uh again, let's take a look at number
13.
Um now this is a target on an Iron Dome
uh air defense system which is uh
Israel's primary defense against
Hezbollah weapons, rockets uh primarily
rockets, artillery rockets um but also
drones. They talked um after the first
few weeks of the war. There you see the
Iron Dome launcher. You can see um the
launch uh the missiles in the top there
and it's directly onto that launcher
destroying it um which is going to cost
um at least a couple million dollars
uh if it's loaded. You can see it's
loaded with um with 18 missiles of the
20 missiles. So that's another nearly $2
million. So let's let's call it a $4
million hit with this $200 drone that
we're [clears throat] watching. This is
now the day after. And the drone goes
back to the same site and finds the
soldiers replacing the launcher, their
mobile launchers. You see the launcher
on the left there is going to replace
it. And you see nine soldiers here uh
underneath the uh Hezbollah drone and it
lands in between the group of them. Um
so it's pretty uh remarkable to be
targeting these Iron Dome systems and
Israel was really panicked about it.
Channel 13 said, "The most dangerous
thing is that Hzbollah started to focus
on Iron Dome systems themselves." Um,
the Israelis said that they had used
Iron Dome 27 times as of May 1st to
intercept drones. So, they're using
$100,000 Tammer uh interceptor missiles
uh against these $200 drones. Um, we can
look at the next slide and you can see
the launcher uh that was hit which is
14.
There you can see the launcher. You can
see at the top there that's four rows um
of five uh missiles in each interceptor
missiles. And you can see that three
looks like three maybe four of them have
been fired. Uh and that is hit directly
with an anti-tank warhead. it will
destroy, as we saw in the second video,
the next day, it completely destroyed
that launcher. Um, and these drones, as
I've mentioned a bunch of times, while
they're on their offensive mission,
they're also reconnaissance drones
because the entire flight is a
reconnaissance flight until it becomes
an attack. Um, and so Hezbollah is shown
that they they have shown before the FPV
era that they had intelligence on all
these Israeli positions. We watched that
for two years during the genocide in
Gaza when Hezbollah was a support front
that they they knew what they were
hitting in each of these places. They
knew what each Israeli base uh had on
it. And now they have these um you know
10 operations a day of uh FPV drones
that are collecting data the whole time
that they're flying. Um so they're able
to pick off things like these launchers
which are mobile. the the Iron Dome
system is a mobile launcher system.
They're not fixed. They move them all
over the place. They even put them on uh
ships. Um and so they're not always in
the same spot. They move around.
Hezbollah sees them on their drones and
picks them off and takes a $4 million
hit out of the uh US funded Israeli
allowance, I guess we'll call it. Um and
then the uh uh 15 just shows the nine
soldiers there. Uh and they're on the
left hand side there. You see the uh the
new launcher system that's going to
replace the one that got uh destroyed.
Let's take a look at 16. This is a an
FPV strike firsterson view is the FPV.
Um you're going to see it coming right
down here on this tank. It's going to
target the commander hatch. You're going
to see it deliver right into the
commander hatch there. Um that is a
weaker spo a weaker spot. Um, we've seen
that hatch open. Of course, we saw the
hatch open in Gaza and handd delivered
through the hatch. Um, but Hezbollah is
clearly uh understanding the hatch.
There you see the perfect shot of the
hatch. That on the left side is the
hatch um that they pop their heads out
of. And it is not as sealed and doesn't
have as many layers um of armor uh and
reactive armor um uh as the rest of the
tank. So that's why uh it's one of the
top one of the places that they aim for.
And the Israelis have a call sign for
when they hear this. I talked about it
last week. They call it an air hammer.
And out over their radios, they send a
warning that it's an air hammer. And
like I said, Haret said the two things
that soldiers do when they hear air
hammer is duck and prey. Um let's look
at number 17. Going to chase uh some
more soldiers on this same base up here
on the top of this mountain near Nakura.
This is on the western coast. Um, this
is a previous IDF position, long-term
position on the border. So, now they're
striking on the Israeli side of the
border here. Uh, and you're going to see
this drone circle around. And if you
look at the bottom right, you're going
to see soldiers running right there.
They get the Hezbollah circles. You can
see them go into the hanger. And the
drone chases them into the hanger. And
it's going to detonate in the hanger uh,
and send the piercing charge through
that underground area. And again, one
fatality, 11 wounded in all of these
operations, according to the Israelis.
This is in the Western
46th Division is a reserve division that
is in charge of uh this area of
responsibility. So, this is a reserve
unit getting hammered. Um let's take a
look at 18. This is a uh shot on a uh
helicopter base, a staging base you
could say. The drone's going to come
down. You see the soldier fleeing. Some
talk that he was fleeing into a
washroom. I think those are their
makeshift uh bomb shelters, but [snorts]
uh for his sake uh you wouldn't want
that to be the washrooms. Um but he uh
is a tank transporter battalion
uh leader that was hit there. That's
near Schlomi. Again, you can see how
they have coverage over this whole base.
You can see how there's cars there. So
the cars, the soldiers drive up to the
bases in their car and then they're and
then they're dispatched from this kind
of staging ground uh into the
occupation. There's a a helipad uh as
well there. Let's take a look at number
cuz this is a uh we saw this in Gaza as
well. Um using a servo motor to uh
release to drop the munition. The
munition is what you're seeing uh at the
bottom there. That's the new fuse that
Hezbollah has uh adapted to the end of
this round. And this isn't going to be
an anti-tank round. This is going to be
a fragmentation warhead. The anti-tank
round creates a a piercing dart. Um and
this round is going to be a
fragmentation round which blows like a
grenade. Um and you can see why you
would use that type of warhead on this.
This is technical gear at an Israeli
base. they drop on it and seem to hit it
dead uh in the area. And if it is a
fragmentation warhead, the the uh
shrapnel will spray out and destroy all
of that gear, which we're going to see
that happening on this video uh in a
moment here. The last scene will show
the next day um that the uh here it is
that the the gear has been moved. So,
um, we have a bunch of these each week
where they're picking off these, um, you
know, pretty significant deep
intelligence to get these kind of
targets. Um, so that was in uh, Rasal
Bay as well. Um, let's look at 20 now.
Um, this is in Bintage Bale. You could
see the roads all dug up again and they
make their own paths because they're
scared to drive on the roads fearing
that they are um that there's IEDs. Here
you get another perfect example. Tank
tank on the left, uh tank on the right,
uh troop carrier on the left, two
bulldozers, and a tank in front. And
he's going to circle around. Uh he has
all of these options to hit. He's also
looking in that house to see if there's
anyone moving in that house. But then
he's going to turn, come back, and hit
the D9 armored bulldozer, which is the
the target to hit in this circumstance
with those targets cuz you're going to
destroy the D9 armored bulldozer
entirely with this warhead that is
delivered right into the cockpit. Um, so
they lose another D9 armored bulldozer,
which is a genocide tool. It's really
there's no other purpose for a D9
bulldozer than genocide. Uh let's look
at number 21. Here we have one of these
thermal. There's an anti-tank guided
missile strike. A cornet strike. You can
see the tank there burning. Um we're
watching this on thermal camera at
night. There's a second cornet anti-tank
missile strike on a tank. And you can
see that tank burning there as well. Um,
and now you're going to see uh a complex
operation. This is the Israelis trying
to, you can see their spotlight trying
to um figure out what's going on after
they've got two burning tanks and now
artillery is being launched at them
along with a smoke screen from their
tanks. Um, their tanks can uh hold the
smoke screen um with their exhaust and
they pump it out from there. You're
going to see them here hit with a few
more mortars uh in this period of time
uh before the fire. There you see them
uh fired down on the troops and you're
going to see the third uh anti-tank
guided missile strike there and again
burning vehicle. Um this is on the
western coast now. You're going to see
footage. This is from sewer um from Ty
in South Lebanon shot by Lebanese
civilians showing the tanks that are
burning in that case. So significant
multi-layered operation there in um uh
Russell Baya. Let's look at 22. Another
uh really smart target. This is going to
target an O of uh which is a command and
control vehicle. Uh it's not your
everyday tank. It's built on the uh hull
of a Merkova tank. Um but it is it has
enhanced electronic warfare and jamming
systems in there. and they put it right
through the open back door which would
completely blow up that uh entire um uh
command and control capability the
network capabilities that those use
those effects they have only a limited
number of them and that is just that is
uh prime targeting uh and this is what
we're seeing in now week 10 uh total
command by the pilots um and also of the
targeting of what to choose to target
not not only the flying uh not only the
attacking but what's the subject of the
targeting. Um when we compare this to
the first week um remarkable development
that has the Israelis still week after
week scrambling.
Um let's look at 23 cuz this is the one
that everybody wants. Everybody want
everybody asks me why they don't send
two cameras so that we can see battle
damage assessment. Um and I think the
simple answer for that is um it's just
too many drones. But you're going to see
the merk of a tank there. And you can
see it's um its cannon is pointing up.
Its main gun is pointing up and they're
putting that drone into that hole, which
is an effective place to hit it if
you're going to hit a tank. You can see
how it's lifted up there. And now here's
the second drone going to show you that
first drone hit. And there, that's what
it looks like when the tank gets hit.
Um, but I just don't think when you're
fighting a battle for uh an existential
battle, a battle for survival, um I
don't think you have the the uh the
luxury of doubling up just so people can
see um the aftermath, but you can see
it's a significant strike on the tank
and the tank did not defeat that round.
There's no question about that. Um so
there's there's two cameras for the
people who ask for it, but I don't think
it's something that uh Hzbollah will do
uh very often. Although they did it this
morning, I was editing that in the green
room before coming on. Um, they did show
us from multiple camera angles and when
they do that, it's definitely a
devastating uh military media
intervention. Let's look at 24 now.
Again, uh this is in Rasal Bay. You can
see the coast uh off in the distance
there. It's targeting a reserve
battalion and they're going to come in
down on this marova tank and again
targeting the door. Um so we're not
seeing at all this week anything uh
targeting the armored front uh the
armored top. Um there it is. It goes
directly through the door and when this
last frame freezes you're going to see
it freeze on that right on the door. So
that is a perfect hit. The pilots are
good. Um the Israeli military said that
the pilots are spread out across all the
front line. They're not in their normal
um unit. Uh they're not in the air the
air force of Hezbollah, their drone
unit. Um but they're rather embedded
within all of the different infantry
units. So um they have these all across
the front lines and there's a direct hit
on the back door of that marova. Um,
let's go 25 because we see Humvees here
being targeted and these are also good
targets. We saw in Gaza anytime uh we
saw a single round RPG be fired in Gaza
they were firing them at these uh these
Humvees because of course the genius in
Gaza was that they were firing Yasin
105s and those were tandem charged. they
had two uh charges in each warhead and
if those could be used in these
circumstances they would be effective um
because they have the two rounds. So
there's the destruction of that Humvey
and we know that the Americans last week
I reported on the American airbridge of
weapons and we watched these Humvees and
Hammets come off the trucks uh or come
off the ships I should say um replacing
all of these so that Israel can continue
its genocide. But taking out these hum
these Humvees that are already in in
Lebanon at forward positions, this is
massively disruptive for the ability of
the Israelis to fight if they were
trying to fight uh instead of just
attacking civilians. Um let's look at
26. Another one in Rasal Baya.
Uh another one versus a tank.
You see a whole group of them there that
are shown.
This one's going to hit the track of the
tank.
Possible mobility kill when you hit the
track.
Um, you're going to see it come down
here. I think he maybe misses the door
by a little bit, but he's aiming for the
door. And once that round detonates,
it's going to send a piercing shot
through that door. uh in any case and
it's also going to destroy the tread um
the track on that uh armored vehicle.
Let's look at 27. Now, this is uh what I
thought we would start seeing more of
and I think we will see much more of in
the coming weeks. This is an attack on a
forward base. And rather than attacking
the armored vehicles parked in front of
the forward base, um, Hezbollah is going
to put this drone through the living
room window of the base. Um, which puts
the anti-tank round uh into you'll see
the the round will detonate off the
window and um will send its pierce and
its shrapnel into the base. So perhaps
the base is empty or perhaps Israel's
lying about their uh casualties. Um I
tend to think it's the latter.
Um let's look at 28. Now we're going to
go into the riverbed uh the Latani
riverbed near Darion here. So we're now
back up in the um top of the Galilee
panhandle. And you can see using this
riverbed, Israel is trying to use this
riverbed as cover, which you can see
they're going to fly over a number of
vehicles here uh in the valley. Again,
just beautiful South Lebanon um
being destroyed by a genocidal
uh entity that doesn't seem to know when
to stop.
turns around, comes back and heads down
into the valley where there is a land
rand land rover command jeep. Look on
the back. It's bristling with uh
intelligence, surveillance, um
satellite, radar. You see it hit that.
Um that's usually a command vehicle and
that is a significant loss because that
is how they organize their network
connectivity through their different uh
vehicles. And you can see on the back
there, it's just uh lit with uh
antennas, cameras, uh satellite, radar.
So, significant hit there. Um are we on
27 tomorrow?
Yes. No, we're on 29. I'm with you. Uh
so there we saw Jeep hidden Humvey
hidden there. He's going to come back
around on it.
Um, this one is the tent. They're going
to hit the tent. And this is interesting
because Israel is thinking that the
solution, see the tent there, and
they've got the they've got to trying to
conceal it there. Um, that is a base and
rather than the jeep, he's going to go
and hit on that base. Presumably,
there's troops underneath there. Uh, and
a direct hit on it. Um, and Israel today
said that the IDF has uh sent to Lebanon
158,000 square meters, which is
basically 20 soccer fields or football
pitches depending on where you are in
the world, uh, of netting. And the idea
is that they're going to put netting all
over everything. Um, which is something
that they do in um, the war in in
Ukraine. They use fishing nets. Um, and
it's not totally clear to me. They use
different weapons on the drones in um,
uh, in Ukraine than they are here with
Hezbollah. If these Hezbollah rounds get
tangled up in the net, it should be
enough power based on the speed that the
um that the quadcopter is flying, it
should be enough power to trigger the
fuse um, and detonate. So, I don't think
these uh I don't think these screens are
going to be uh the savior that Israel is
banking on, but we will uh reserve
judgment on that until we see uh more
operations against those nets. That's
the first time we saw that this week um
passing on vehicles entirely and hitting
uh troop positions. Let's look at number
30 because this is going to get uh a
soldier in a house. Again, remember one
soldier killed 11 wounded in this entire
week in uh Hezbollah FPV drone
operations according to the Israelis.
So, it's going to fly around here and
you're going to see standing out on the
balcony there. Oh, sorry, this side.
Yeah, there he is. Uh Israeli soldier
unlikely alone in that house. So, he's
out on the he's being a soldier in a
window for the rest of his group. And
the uh pilot is going to take it around
perpendicular and go right through the
front window into that base. Um this is
in Taipei
again on the northern uh northwestern
part of the Galilee panhandle. So, into
a uh into a house of soldiers. Um this
is what we've seen now. This is the
fourth one in this uh pack alone. And
I've already there's been multiple um
that you'll see on next week's show cuz
uh we have as you know our cuto off
deadline is Wednesday. We can't uh we
have to have a production window. So
these are Wednesday to Wednesday. So
next week you will see um the the
operations from the past from today and
yesterday will be the beginning of next
week's show. And previously I was saying
like these operations were 2 weeks old.
They're not that way anymore. We're
getting these the day after in a lot of
cases. Sometimes we get them the same
day. The most is 2 days after. So these
operations that you're watching are
actually operations from this past week.
Whereas in previous uh resistance
reports, we were talking about
operations that were 2 weeks uh in some
cases previously. So uh that's an an
advance too that we're watching. So
let's look at 31. We've got another
thermal uh operation here. If you can
look at the circles on the left hand
side there and now in the middle you're
going to see uh little soldiers uh start
to run
um they're tracking in this I tracked at
least a dozen cuz you can see there's
some more coming running down the hill
to go into that house. So now we've seen
half a dozen at least and then if you
see to the right you can see a few more
are coming.
Uh yeah, there's another bunch of them.
So we're looking at and then there's
three more coming from the from the
right. There's another one coming. Uh
they're all running down the hill. Now
we're upwards of 15 just that we've seen
with our eyes enter this building. And
here comes an anti-tank guided missile
strike. Cornet, the tank killer unit, uh
firing on a uh Israeli military troop
position. possible thermabaric there. I
think we would see a little more uh if
it was thermabaric. It's very tough to
tell with the thermal because we don't
get enough shots to really tell, but the
the cornet has a thermabaric warhead
which would just make a a mess of that
uh Israeli position.
Um let's look at 32 now.
Again on the coast again battering the
same uh division on the coast. This is
going to be another Humvey here.
Circling around back to hit the Humvey
that in the back of that Humvey is
covering up um technical gear as well.
And directly onto the hood that
explodes. The Humvey explodes. It's
completely out of service. Uh another
destroyed one. And this week alone, I I
I marked them all down. Tanks and APCs
took 30 FPV drones and six anti-tank
guided missiles. Humvees and other
vehicles like those Land Rovers, the
vehicles that were instantly destroyed,
they took 19 at, you know, half a
million to a million a piece. Um the D9
U bulldozers and excavators took 15 FPV
strikes. Troops took 50. So, we're now
seeing more troops being targeted than
we're seeing vehicles uh here in week
10. One against the Iron Dome, six
against gear and equipment. Um and then
we also saw um upwards of 50 rocket and
artillery operations which are
complementing these drone operations all
the time. And we talk about the drone
operations because they have videos on
them and we can break down the videos.
Um but the rocket ops are uh a
consistent part. They match all of these
operations. Afterwards, after they're
hit by the drones, they'll fire
artillery on the same spot when um when
troops are gathered around there. So,
let's take a look at 33 cuz these are
going on all week. This is the Hezbollah
Sed 107 drone. You're going to watch it
with the air piston uh launch, which
reduces its uh heat signature for the
Israelis that are trying to track it.
And these drones are coming across the
border uh constantly every day um across
the border, but also on Israeli troop
positions in Lebanon. There's a good
shot of it flying and we've seen those
flying across the border. The Hezbollah
shows them flying up to the border and
then uh Israelis in the north uh often
show us them flying because these defeat
uh air defense systems. These often have
to be shot down with helicopters.
Um, so these are very effective weapons
that are constantly being used.
Hasbollah built. And then this last one
here is uh um
this this goes uh this artillery man
firing from the bush uh reminded me of
when I visited uh South Lebanon uh after
the 2006 war and uh somebody said to me
that uh all the rocks are Hezbollah and
it was a reference to even the rocks are
Hezbollah which is a reference to when
Hezbollah used to hide uh audio systems
recording systems for troops. s in the
rocks or the rocks were IEDs. Uh in this
case, even the trees are Hezbollah. Uh
this artillery man firing from the bush.
Uh and all you would see from the
outside is a mortar flying out of the
trees. So even the trees are Hezbollah.
So this has been the resistance report
for day 951 of Israel's genocide in Gaza
and day 73 of Hezbollah's defense of
South Lebanon.